Add Activity Diagram (#330)
AY2122S1-CS2103T-W16-1/tp: docs/DeveloperGuide.md

### 1.4 Typical User Workflow

![Activity Diagram of DonnaFin](diagrams/ActivityDiagram.png)

> This Activity Diagram shows how one might navigate through the DonnaFin application in a typical usage.

Reviewer: This Activity Diagram shows how one might typically navigate through the DonnaFin application.

Reviewer 2: I believe activity diagram should be lower case. Not a class name or a proper noun, soz

Reviewer 2: I believe activity diagram should be lower case. Not a class name or a proper noun, soz

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This activity diagram shows how one might typically navigate through the DonnaFin application.
```

Commands refer to the pre-defined functions that are used by the user. Invalid commands refer to commands that do not

> exist or commands that are used with the wrong format.

Reviewer: Invalid commands refer to commands that are not available in the current window or commands that are used with the wrong format.
